Release 7.1.0 - Add tags in asg-ebs and asg-efs; fix vpc (#60)
silinternational/terraform-modules: aws/asg-ebs/README.md

 - `ebs_mkfs_extraopts` - Extra options to pass to the mkfs command. Default: ""
 - `ebs_fs_type` - Type of filesystem to create. Default: `ext4`
 - `ebs_mountopts` - Mount options to include in /etc/fstab, default is "defaults,noatime"

>  - `tags` - A list of tag definitions in JSON format to be applied to the asg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `tags` - A list of tag definitions to be applied to the asg. See example below.
```
